README.md, before:

# Provider Template

`upjet-provider-template` is a [Crossplane](https://crossplane.io/) provider that
is built using [Upjet](https://github.com/crossplane/upjet) code
generation tools and exposes XRM-conformant managed resources for the
Template API.

## Getting Started

Install the provider by using the following command after changing the image tag
to the [latest release](https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers/upbound/upjet-provider-template):
```
up ctp provider install upbound/upjet-provider-template:v0.1.0
```

Alternatively, you can use declarative installation:
```
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: pkg.crossplane.io/v1
kind: Provider
metadata:
  name: upjet-provider-template
spec:
  package: upbound/upjet-provider-template:v0.1.0
EOF
```

Notice that in this example Provider resource is referencing ControllerConfig with debug enabled.

You can see the API reference [here](https://doc.crds.dev/github.com/upbound/upjet-provider-template).

## Developing

Run code-generation pipeline:
```console
go run cmd/generator/main.go "$PWD"
```

Run against a Kubernetes cluster:

```console
make run
```

Build, push, and install:

```console
make all
```

Build binary:

```console
make build
```

## Report a Bug

For filing bugs, suggesting improvements, or requesting new features, please
open an [issue](https://github.com/upbound/upjet-provider-template/issues).

Commit message:

Update Azure DevOps provider config and support Git repository
This commit primarily updates the Azure DevOps provider configurations and adds support for Git repositories. It also updates certain dependencies to newer versions, including golang.org/x/net and google.golang.org/protobuf. Some unused files related to the Null config group and some examples are deleted for code cleanup.

README.md, after:

# Provider Azure Devops

`provider-azure-devops` is a [Crossplane](https://crossplane.io/) provider that
is built using [Upjet](https://github.com/crossplane/upjet) code
generation tools and exposes XRM-conformant managed resources for the
Azure Devops API.

## Getting Started

Install the provider by using the following command after changing the image tag
to the [latest release](https://marketplace.upbound.io/providers/spikeidp/provider-azure-devops):
```
up ctp provider install spikeidp/provider-azure-devops:v0.1.0
```

Alternatively, you can use declarative installation:
```
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: pkg.crossplane.io/v1
kind: Provider
metadata:
  name: provider-azure-devops
spec:
  package: spikeidp/provider-azure-devops:v0.1.0
EOF
```

Notice that in this example Provider resource is referencing ControllerConfig with debug enabled.

You can see the API reference [here](https://doc.crds.dev/github.com/spikeidp/provider-azure-devops).

## Developing

Run code-generation pipeline:
```console
go run cmd/generator/main.go "$PWD"
```

Run against a Kubernetes cluster:

```console
make run
```

Build, push, and install:

```console
make all
```

Build binary:

```console
make build
```

## Report a Bug

For filing bugs, suggesting improvements, or requesting new features, please
open an [issue](https://github.com/spikeidp/provider-azure-devops/issues).
